I'm not officially the new steel company.
Are you sending the company into any agreement with the anti-cashmiles as they exist now in the coming market?
Well, it's not that it's not the military. The laws are only different from what different places from our loans.
As I say in my thumb respects, they are strong.
They approach this problem in a different way.
Ironic law, the Spiten Act attempts to prohibit the creation of a monopoly in the first place.
Although we don't do very good in enforcement.
Rome treaty deals with the abusive nationalist or dominant position.
Also when the Rome treaty law there is the requirement for registration of special arrangements.
Some changes have been made in time by so already.
I think that pluses and minuses and let's just question through the touchy of the registration.
So they have been feared by the market.
They will suffer from the application of the out of the 85 out of the 86, which you are receiving about that.
I don't think so.
I think that's the reason why the United States is doing this.
In the United States, the exclusive dealings and territorial division are violation of the law.
Under the law here they are required to register and determine whether they will be in damage composition.
They can be required to change their mind to action to do that.
We have not had this since 1940, 49 years of experience in the exclusive meeting law.
This is in the late 1990s, the first is.
My agency, the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice have concurred responsibility for this.
We do not have registrations.
We find out about them because people complain about them in a matter of time.
The other side of the coin is that when you are starting out as you are hearing requiring registration,
it is a rather easy way of bringing the restrictive agreements to the account of the public official.
We will find out about them and learn about where it might not otherwise through the future.
We are all very concerned with the trade extension.
One gets the impression here that the United States administration is not as clean as the common market to include even the humanitarian negotiation.
The question of non-tastic-multiple trade, especially the fact that it is in business,
would you say that the American administration was in favor of including these questions in the Iranian administration form?
I think so.
I think that in our aid programs and in other efforts that we have made, such as even in the market,
the market plan, for them, there are always efforts to further write in and it does not have any trust provisions.
I would think that our administration would be extremely anxious to have these limitations as they come in our defense.
I would not do that in the current situation.
They will have to have a substantial larger number to really enforce the act.
I think the city makes it clear that other Mr. Zipsn has about how many you have been for sure in the world.
The total of 1150, this is the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice probably has 4 to 600,
plus the US District Attorney's Office is plus the FBI and plus a lot of others.
But I think one thing that should make clear is that it's been made clear to us that these registrations are confidential.
There are confidential registrations and they are not to be shown to anybody as well.
It's said that you are not the US at all.
I think next with the number of people, so the EEC has an antitrust enforcement that should be pointed out that the national government are working with the authority.
They have substantial number and certainly hope that the Bally EEC authorities that they will cooperate even more fully.
That will supplement the number that they have enforcement in the North.
I think that's the key to making sure that the Bally EEC authorities are not to be seen.
Yes, I say that the study that we make and experience that comes about here may require some changes in the American EEC.
The same act as the act of which some companies have to do business.
More or less in concert abroad.
Some changes might conceal but it may have to be made in here.
It might have to be some stiffening of American antitrust law and connection with their overseas operations.
Of course, to a thorough intelligence test, but it might be a good one.
Senator, will there be further contact with you and the common market on this subject?
Mr. Kander, the governor is coming to Washington next week.
I think you say of yesterday, though.
We will have further contacts both in Washington and here.
Almost weekly someone with the connected with the common market comes to our offices.
We have had pre-change of information inside our best to be as helpful as we can knowing full well.
The three way at least is our way and we believe that this way and that is we can do anything help we try to be.
They have been very precipitated very freely and I think these exchanges are to the credit of the control of countries.
Thank you.